adds docs for adding a location (#147)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/integrations/github-org/index.md

---

> title: Configuring the GitHub Organization

Reviewer: I think "Loading Github Organization Teams", like you have in the sidebar, is a better name. "Configuring the GitHub Organization" doesn't tell me why I should be interested in this tutorial.

lastUpdated: '2021-03-19T12:14:39.0Z'
description: How to configure backstage to read teams from github
---

## Introduction

> You may want to load you organization team structure from github teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roadie can load your organization team structure and employees from GitHub teams.
```

This page describes how to do that.

## Prerequisites

- You will need a git repository for the configuration of Backstage. In the examples

>   below.

Reviewer: "In the examples below". Is this supposed to be a sentence on it's own?

>   below, I am calling this backstage-configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  below, I am calling this backstage-configuration.
```

BTW, as far as I can see, you don't actually refer to this configuration anywhere in the file?

Author: removed the reference

> - The github token configured in the backstage secrets must have the read:user and user:email scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The github token configured in the backstage secrets must have the `read:user` and `user:email` scopes.
```

## Steps

1. If the name of your organization was "acme", you would create a file in the github repository called github-org.yaml with the following contents:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: The code block has different left margin than the text around it. Either remove the numbers from the steps around this code block or indent the code block so it is visually associated with the step it relates to.

Author: done

> ```

Reviewer: You should specify the syntax highlighting here:

    ```yaml
